Come.
baby. play with me.
Come on. come on.
take me by the hand.
You and me can go to
some strange erotic land.
You will see that it's not as
bad as it's made out to be.
out to be.
We can go. go on some
magic carpet trip.
And I know we're into
love and partnership.
Wait and see what the
pleasures of the world
can really be with me.
Come play with me.
Take me by the hand.
and stay with me.
Come away with me.
Play with me.
Come play with me. got to
make you wanna stay with me.
What do you say to me?
Play with me.
Take control. don't need
to go mad impatiently.
Don't you know it's gonna
be love. just you and me?
Take your time.
Take it easy. and the
better it will be.
You'll see.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Take your time.
Take it easy. and the
better it will be.
You'll see.
Come play with me. got to
make you wanna stay with me.
What do you say to me?
Play with me.
Come play with me. got to
make you wanna stay with me.
What do you say to me?
Play with me.
Come play with me. got to
make you wanna stay with me.
What do you say to me?
Play with me.
Yanne could have
been a fashion designer.
But instead. she
chose the profession
which from time immemorial has
born the dark tint of shame.
except. that is. in the
countryside of Normandy.
A man of honor like
Colonel de Granville
could never have contemplated
marriage to Mademoiselle Yanne
had he not heard he'd
compromised himself by staying
overnight at her house.
But he could never have
foreseen how his life would be
transformed by this incident.
Otherwise. he would
never have provoked
the rumors which were eventually
to force them to the altar.
Since Yanne is now a
widow and no longer
bound by the ties
of marriage. her two
young nieces.
Julie and Florence.
have come to stay with her.
She treats them as
friends but nevertheless
maintains a certain distance.
But these young ladies
are not as cultured
as she is. nor have they had her
experience of life or of love.
They have a rather
different approach to both.
Good morning. little birds.
Oh. how bored I am.
Breakfast is ready. Baptiste.
Right. Ms. Ninette.
Did you sleep well?
Yes. but all alone.
Tonight
will be different.
- Not so loud.
- Come on.
You know you like it.
That's true.
Your coffee's getting cold.
- All right.
Don't you want this coffee?
- My mind's on other things.
- Mmm.
Like this?
That's more like it.
Well?
Tonight. you won't be alone.
You can bet on it.
Yeah. we get all the
dirty work 'round here.
Oh.
Flo. wake up.
Aunt Yanne has been up for ages.
- I don't care.
It'll soon be 10 o'clock.
So what?
Cut it out.
Ms. Ninette. the vegetables.
She's still asleep.
Well. well.
Ah.
Hi. my sweet.
Darling.
It was about time.
- What if your boss comes in?
- Oh. let her.
As you wish.
That's how we Colonel liked it.
all these memories of
happiness we shared.
Darling.
Excuse me. Madame.
for interrupting
your entertainment. but I'm
a gentleman and a friend.
A beautiful woman
like you shouldn't
have to entertain herself.
I offer my services.
You
are very kind. sir.
My warmest thanks.
The pleasure
is all mine. Madame.
You are very kind. sir.
Do you like that?
Oh. yes. it's wonderful.
I love it.
It's wonderful for me. too.
It's marvelous.
Mmm. Julie.
You're so hot.
Come on.
Oh. god. you're
beautiful. Julie.
You mean it?
Oh. don't stop.
Come on.
Come on. yes.
I'm fainting.
Will you stop
that immediately?
There are men for that.
Yes.
Aunt. you're right.
It's easy to say. especially
for girls as well brought up
as we are who aren't
interested in old men
with heart conditions.
Some men.
Come on.
Let's carry on with our game.
Where have
all the young men gone?
Long time passing.
Where have
all the real men gone?
I think we've
made a hit. there.
You may be right.
I'm not sure what they want.
but they're going to get it.
Good idea.
Hey. you.
Yes?
Let's go. Jacque.
OK. come on.
Hey. wait a minute.
Come on back here. you two.
- Save your breath.
Let's get after them.
You get the blonde
one. George. all right?
Up there.
Yes. in the hay.
What are those
fools doing now?
We're the fools.
running after them.
Come on. Jacque.
I've had enough of this.
They're here somewhere.
They're not even nice looking.
What difference does
it make in the dark?
One of them's too fat for me.
And the other's too skinny.
Come on. Jacque.
They're making fools of us.
Oh. what a pity.
They're giving up.
That's too bad.
What do you mean?
We're too good for
these peasants.
We're better off
as virgins. are we?
Who said I was a virgin?
Oh. what a sense of humor.
Let's go for a gallop to
the bridle path in the forest.
It's Aunt Yanne's favorite ride.
Out of the question.
We might bump into her.
- So what?
She'll probably tell us
to leave the horses alone
and go out looking for men.
It's too bad you haven't
got one hidden away somewhere.
We could have given
her a surprise.
I could get one if I tried.
And yours-- is he
really a forest inspector?
I'll introduce
him to Aunt Yanne
as if he were the
spoils of battle.
You know. an
inspector of forests--
that's a almost a colonel.
How did you get him?
Oh. when Auntie's friend was
out of the room for a while.
I give him one of
my meaningful looks.
You're the man of my dreams.
And he fell for it?
Of course.
You lucky thing.
I'm telling you.
he's twitching
like a fish out of water.
And you keep him
twitching. I'll bet.
He's gasping for it.
Don't keep him waiting
too long. Florence.
Just as long as it amuses me.
Is he really as young
and good looking as that?
Oh. yes. a bit
provincial. perhaps.
And is he well off?
Oh. that's not the kind
of thing you can ask.
And as long as a man is sexy.
I don't care about his money.
We'll find out soon
enough. won't we?
Come to think of it. I
could go and visit him today.
Don't trouble
yourself on my account.
Don't worry.
I won't.
A poor little orphan girl like
me has to think of her future.
And that's what I'm doing.
You're quite right.
Oh. look. the horse
is getting excited.
Say hello to him for me.
I'll be delighted.
I'll be curious to see
this Greek god of yours.
He'll be absolutely over the
moon when he sees me coming.
Well. at least a young
forest inspector's
better than an old colonel.
I couldn't agree
with you more.
But you mustn't say
anything to Aunt Yanne.
It's a surprise.
- Not a word.
Au revoir.
You're a beautiful
mare. Diana.
The colonel would be proud
to have a fine mare like you
in his stables.
Who's that?
- It's me. Julie.
- Mmm.
Hm.
Calm down. Diana.
Oh. hi. Erik.
Should I rub
her down for you?
- Must you?
- That's what I'm here for.
She doesn't need it.
All right.
But you're not going to
keep your cap on. are you?
Oh. it's beautiful.
Long blond hair like that. you
shouldn't keep it covered up.
Oh. that's just flattery.
That's not my
style. mademoiselle.
I waited a long time for this
opportunity to talk to you.
And now. I'm going to
tell you what I think.
First. mademoiselle
is a lady and should
take off that man's tunic.
which hides her good points.
And now. take off your blouse.
I suppose a groom is
not distinguished enough
to give you a hand.
Mmm.
You're
completely crazy. Erik.
Maybe I am. but I could
never have hoped for this.
I'm not a man for fine
words. but I know what to do
when the situation arises.
Oh.
Now. it's your
turn to show me something.
or was it all talk?
Ah. a great wine.
wine from the vineyards
of southern France.
an aristocratic wine
of great nobility. a
true and loyal companion.
I'll appreciate it for
the rest of my life.
We'll grow old together.
you and I. A noble wine
is the best friend a
man can possibly have.
Oh. Erik.
Erik.
Come. Erik.
Florence.
Simon.
I'm so glad to see you.
What a wonderful surprise.
I'll get out some wine.
and we'll celebrate.
Yes. what a good idea.
I'm thirsty.
My mouth is so dry.
Make yourself at home.
Aunt Yanne
mustn't know I came here.
An eligible bachelor should
only receive the young lady
in the drawing room.
Don't worry.
It's about time I
made the acquaintance
of your Aunt Yanne.
She's probably
not as puritanical
as you seem to think.
Ah. she's
a respectable widow.
There's not much
you can teach a widow.
After all. she doesn't
have to defend her virtue.
It's quite different
in your case.
You have everything
to lose. huh?
Uh. take off my boots.
There's a darling.
My dear.
you should remember
you're no longer a child.
I do
remember. darling.
And I'm a grown man.
I can see that.
But you do understand.
Do I make my position clear?
I think you do.
But what are you doing?
Why do you look so worried?
Me?
I thought you were a man.
I am. but we
should be married.
Exactly.
So isn't it about
time we started to get
to know each other intimately?
After all. you should
see what you're getting.
Right.
I'll show you what
a real man can do.
a man is made of.
You take
my breath away.
Yes?
Somehow.
I always imagined it
would be a bit more romantic.
Romantic?
Classic is more like it.
Think of me as Adonis.
But it's not Adonis I want.
It's you. Simon.
Well. I want a man. a real man.
and not a show-off who struts
and preens like a peacock.
You're so soft. my love.
Oh. yes.
Oh. my Darling.
Oh. yes. that's it.
That's nice.
Do you like that?
Yes. yes.
Oh. yes.
Simon. you're so big and strong.
Florence. where are you?
Erik.
Oh. Erik.
But it can't be true--
oh. Auntie Yanne. the
guardian of our virtue.
Having a good time?
And you?
Oh. yes.
hot from Simon's bed.
I had a taste of the future.
Did the Earth move?
It's better that way.
Well. that's just
about the way it was.
I had a hard time
getting him going.
He's not exactly a
smooth-talking lover.
a bit slow at first.
And then?
Well. go on.
What happened then. after that?
Mm.
Tell me about it.
You seem very reluctant
to talk about it.
Or is the question indiscreet?
I'm always frank with you.
Hm?
Oh. be secretive if you like.
Well. I can have
secrets from you. too.
Hey.
Oh.
Hey. Ajax.
Hey.
Ajax seems to be in
great form. hey. mademoiselle?
Yes. Erik.
The rider is also
in form. if I may say so.
God. there's a woman for you.
She rides like the devil.
She's scared of
nothing and nobody.
Mmm.
That horse is the
apple of my eye.
I groom him every
morning and every night.
Hey.
I'm going back to
the stables. Erik.
You can come and do your
grooming now. if you like.
What am I supposed to
do with this. mademoiselle?
What does this mean?
I don't understand these games
you play. women of your class.
When the mare is in
heat. the stallion
is always ready to oblige.
Very well. inspector.
Come in. please.
Madame will be with
you in just a minute.
Merci.
Madame.
Oh.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I'm Simon Canard.
Please accept these
simple flowers--
Thank you.
--as a token of my esteem.
I assume that I'm not
the object of your visit.
I have two charming nieces
who are very attractive.
To be very frank
with you. it's
Florence that I come to see.
That's all very well.
But what are your intentions?
They are very serious.
As her guardian. I have
to have some proof of that.
You do understand. don't you?
- But of course.
- This way. please.
With great pleasure.
Madame de Granville.
I'm sure you'll find my
credentials in order.
I'm sure you're very
thorough. inspector.
You'll see.
The door on the left.
Mmm.
I'm sure you'll prove yourself
a worthy member of the family.
I'll do my best.
We'll soon see. I hope.
At your service. Madame.
We're an honored family.
But I'm the one who's honored.
Very well.
So far. you're doing fine.
So far. yes.
There's a risk in
marrying someone so young.
Don't worry.
I'm a man in my prime.
Do you feel able to satisfy
the desires of a woman?
I ask nothing better than
the chance to prove it.
Well. now is your chance.
I am deeply
grateful to you. Madame.
Hey. wait for me.
But it was Madame
that I came to see.
What a beautiful day.
just right for the harvest.
Bonjour.
- Bonjour.
I came to ask you
if we should have
held the crop as it stands.
- Oh. yes?
Well. why not?
After all. it's just
as profitable that way.
Yes. and maybe the
corn crop as well.
I think that would be best.
It's your money. not mine.
But those horses of yours
must cost a fortune.
We all have our
weaknesses. huh?
Those who can afford it.
Well. there's enough
hay in the barn.
Yes. if we keep selling crops.
Of course.
You can see for
yourself how much is left.
After you. Madame.
Mind your feet.
It's all right. Jean.
Those shoes were not
designed for walking in barns.
I'll just have a look.
Yes. go ahead.
Five layers at
about a thousand.
that makes around 5.000 francs.
Oh. my god.
What's wrong?
Madame. are you ill?
Tell me what it is.
Your heart beats strong.
You'll be all right.
You fainted.
I often feel faint when
I'm near a handsome man.
It always muddles my head.
There's no need
to feel faint just
because you find me handsome.
We'll soon find a cure for you.
It's not often I have
the opportunity to pluck
such a delicate flower.
Such fragile beauty
requires delicate handling.
What a lucky man I am.
I can't tell you
how happy it makes
me that you have chosen me.
Believe me. I have.
Ah. Madame.
What a beautiful park.
a feast for the eyes.
Even better. monsieur.
You can feast your eyes
on my niece. Julie.
Julie.
What do you think
of her. monsieur?
Faced with a
veritable goddess.
what can a poor mortal say?
Well. you could always
offer to paint her a picture.
My pleasure.
You won't mind if I
tell you you look even
prettier without the dress?
Quite the contrary.
Of course. an
artist always sees
the body in the purest light.
The Mayan naked is eternally
pure as long as she remains
the creation of an artist.
As from this moment.
you become my creation.
Every inch of your
body becomes mine.
Your bosom is my refuge.
And your little nest becomes
my hiding place. dark and deep.
But you're not
acquainted with my nest.
yet you speak as if
you knew it intimately.
Does the contact with the
model remain purely spiritual?
Hm.
I always thought artist
and model had to be
as one in the purest sense.
There are certain advantages
in being a mere mortal.
Does your goddess
disappoint you?
No. she's just as I hoped.
Is that true?
Oh. how nice it is.
Oh. yes.
Oh. my angel. I can't tell
you how much you inspire me.
Yes?
Oh. goddess. take me
with you to paradise.
You are complete now.
Nature has paid to
your just tribute.
My goddess. my Maya.
my muse. my Venus.
Now you are clay in the
hands of the artist--
Entirely.
--to do with as I choose.
- Madame Yanne.
- Erik.
What a lovely hat.
I haven't seen you
around for some time now.
I have to change my
clothes. and there's
no one in the house to help me.
It's very clammy today.
I'm frightened of
thunderstorms. you know.
In here with you. I
feel protected somehow.
Mm.
You don't mind if
I keep you company for a while.
do you?
Are you leaving
so soon. Madame?
Jesus. now I've done it.
I hope I don't get
into any trouble.
You rang. Madame?
Who else would have rung?
Madame?
I need you here.
Get undressed.
What have you been
up to all day?
I was
helping the gardener.
The gardener?
Yes.
So you've had your
eye on Baptiste. too. have you?
Hm?
You really are a little
tart. aren't you?
Gaston. Erik. now Baptiste--
you should restrain
yourself a little.
When you get married. you
can get up to anything
that takes your fancy.
Why throw it all away now?
But I feel
happiest with you. Madame.
You
still like me as much?
Mhm.
Because I'm
still very fond of you.
much too fond. I'm afraid.
That's why you think you
can get away with anything.
Who knows?
Maybe you had the colonel. too.
Never.
No.
maybe you thought
it wasn't worth the effort.
I never thought of it.
Liar.
Honest. I swear it.
That's another lie.
It's the truth.
I promise.
Little Ninette.
I need your affection. Madame.
Why do you mistrust me so?
Forgive me.
Yes. but you always hurt me.
Be quiet now.
Shh.
Maybe it's better
if I go away.
No. stay with me.
Come and help me take my bath.
Yes. Madame. if that's
what you really want.
I want you to stay with
me. the way we always were.
Yes. we've had good
times together. haven't we?
I don't know.
It's not like it used to be.
We need a master in
the house again. Madame.
And what about my
freedom. Ninette?
It only brings you loneliness.
You brood too much.
Ninette seems to be
quite a little philosopher.
However. her diagnosis
is very accurate.
You're getting more
and more melancholy.
So you think I should remarry?
If I was a widow and felt
anything at all for men.
I would think about it.
You'd understand?
Up to a certain point.
You know. I envy you.
You're so attractive. and you've
never been enslaved by a man.
You have legs that
drive everyone crazy.
Oh. yes. including you?
- Including me. of course.
- Really?
They're gorgeous.
Ah. Yanne.
Oh. if only I hadn't
such a weakness for men.
They're so persuasive.
You're rather
persuasive yourself.
Yanne. you obviously need both.
Variety is the spice of
life. and that needn't
change if you get married.
- Come on.
Let's go upstairs.
As you wish. my dear.
After all. we must be
careful not to offend
the sensibilities of others.
You know how prudent I can be.
Every time I go
up this staircase.
I feel like a young bride.
Don't tease. Ann.
Now is not the time.
Well. here we are.
There's no one home.
Good.
A visitor. Madame.
Not now.
I told him so.
but he just came in.
He wants to speak to you.
It's important.
You can go.
Forgive me. Madame Yanne.
for bursting in like this.
You couldn't have picked
a more inconvenient moment.
Maybe it could wait till later.
- I'll wait. if you prefer.
- Yanne.
Very well.
In here. please.
You can wait here.
Thank you. Madame.
I hope he's not the
one you're going to marry.
What are they
doing in there?
Yeah. honey.
Come on.
Yes.
Oh. it's you.
Good morning.
mademoiselle.
Sorry to disturb you.
I've got to get a book
from the shelf up there.
Don't mind me.
Madame Yanne asked
me to wait in here.
Oh. I see.
Is she very busy?
- As always.
Where has that
Mirabeau got to?
Ah. there it is.
Do you know this book?
The forest inspector
suggested I read it.
That's your fiance. isn't it?
That's right.
Sit down.
Thanks.
I will.
Do you know Mirabeau?
I'm afraid not.
As Simon says. he raises the
veil on the secrets of sex.
Uh-huh.
But you probably
know them already.
Nice drawings. aren't they?
I didn't realize they went
that far in those days. I mean.
so explicit.
Oh. much
more so than now.
Compared to those days.
we're backward and prudish.
Can you imagine being painted
doing that with Auntie Yanne?
And with
you. mademoiselle?
Oh. and here
with Julie and me.
We would kill
ourselves laughing.
We don't have great
literature like that nowadays.
They could teach
us all a lesson.
Don't you think so?
Oh. Jean.
Hm?
I see.
Bursting in like that.
you did it on purpose.
You did it to spite me.
You must pay.
You can take it out on me.
You're used to it.
It doesn't bother you.
I know you.
Oh. Jean.
What are you doing
in the drawing room?
I usually see you
in the kitchen.
Mademoiselle Ninette was
out. so I thought I'd bring
the fruit up myself. Madame.
Oh. personal service?
I ask nothing better than
to be of service to Madame.
I have great respect for
you. if I may say so.
But of course you may. Gaston.
I trust that my friendship
with Mademoiselle Ninette
doesn't distress you?
If so. I'd give her up
at once. I assure you.
I understand.
But please bear in mind that
I am always at your service.
That's nicely put.
It's not just talk. Madame.
I really mean it.
I think you could perhaps.
um. show your sincerity.
Mmm.
Madame. I'm ready to prove
it in any way you wish.
Oh. you know. there's
no particular hurry.
It's just a manner of speaking.
I'm a man of my word.
And I'm always prepared. if you
like to back it up with action.
Make no mistake
about it. Gaston.
Don't misunderstand me.
- Oh. that's clear enough.
- Hm.
In here. Madame Yanne?
Now. show me how
sincere you can be.
Take a little dessert
to the countess.
She's not here
often. and I don't
want her to feel left out.
Very well. Madame.
For you. Madame.
Ah. thank you.
Don't go. child.
Stay with me a while.
I feel rather lonely.
Oh. how delightful.
You're wearing garters.
A coffee
for Gaston. Ninette.
Straight away. Madame.
But my dear. you
must keep the horses.
You know they're
your pride and joy.
Darling.
The colonel was always
finding fault with Aunt Yanne.
Oh. bravo.
Let's drink to
three happy couples.
But champagne makes me sad.
Huh.
We'll
open the bottle.
I'm longing to see
Simon let his hair down.
Oh. yeah. and
now for some fun.
Everybody take cover.
Bravo.
Bang.
another virgin gone.
Oh. Gerard.
What have I done?
Control yourself.
I wasn't
talking about you.
When I think of your
usual precious manners.
We've
hardly got engaged.
and now my first
taste of nagging.
That's just a start.
And it gets worse.
We won't
get to that stage.
Let's drink to that.
Of course. I'm a model fiance.
A toast to the ladies.
Live ones.
This engagement party's
going straight to my head.
OK.
silence for a speech.
I'm very happy to see that
we're all here together.
My nieces always
considered that I was
too severe with them. perhaps.
But they have found
worthy fiances
who will stand firm by them.
And it's thanks to my severity
that their future happiness
will be assured.
I protected them like the
delicate creatures they are.
My great pleasure is to have
found the man of my life
after such a long
period of widowhood.
a man who has reawakened
in me the capacity to love.
Darling. I thank
you for the compliment.
I hope I'm as
worthy of Florence.
And I of Julie.
Let's drink to that.
Will you marry me?
I thought you'd never ask.
Let's go and tell Madame.
That was a lovely
speech. Aunt Yanne.
Congratulations
to you both.
Madame. may we
ask you for your blessing?
From now on. you must love
her and provide for her always.
I will.
A woman must grow up sometime.
I'm ready.
You can always come
back if he doesn't behave.
Don't worry. Madame.
I will.
Gaston. your
duties start here.
We'll soon see about that.
Now. you little
minx. if I decide
to go on strike. what happens?
You wouldn't do that.
You're right.
I can't resist you.
There.
You're a man. after all.
That depends on the woman.
Happy now?
I'm not without my
weaknesses. of course.
Ah. that's more
like the old Simon.
Absolutely typical.
And that's a
reason for divorce.
Another other
illusion shattered.
What happened to the sensitive
girl you got engaged to?
You'll forgive me.
Won't you?
I might.
My sweet little
girl. forgives me.
Just a moment.
Didn't she say "might"?
Come on. my darling.
We're going.
But first. tell the company
that you forgive me.
All right. I do.
You all heard that.
I've been pardoned.
And I look forward
to sweeter rewards.
Sleep well. Florence.
Men are strange
creatures. aren't they?
Are you awake?
Reconciled?
We might be later.
You always say might.
Well. I have to
restrain you somehow.
Come on.
We're not going to argue.
No. we're going to make love.
About time we were
leaving. too. angel. hm?
Indeed. my dear.
Everybody
is leaving us.
With your
permission. we have
pressing matters to attend to.
Good night. Jean.
Sleep well.
- Let's go now.
- At once.
She really looks
like a goddess.
Good night. Countess.
We'll stay together
a while. you and me. hm?
I'd love to. Countess.
Let's try another
room for variety.
Come. my dear.
We won't disturb
the bride and groom.
They'll never notice.
I feel rather
superfluous here. anyway.
You have such a nice figure. my
dear. and such beautiful legs.
Florence.
How nice to
have the house to ourselves.
Jean. just you and me.
And now you have a man
to satisfy your every need.
Yes. Jean.
You can depend on it.
How nice.
Up until now. my life has
been an act of self-denial.
Apart from
the little treats
you gave yourself now and then.
They were
always forced on me.
I gave in only after
a heroic struggle.
Let's go to bed.
The colonel's favorite words.
Perhaps. but the rest of
the story will be different.
I'm sure it will.
Help me to forget him. Jean.
I'll do my best.
Let's drink to that promise.
Let's drink to us.
The past is buried.
The colonel's wife is no more.
Oh. yes. let's go to bed.
You're so beautiful
in that dress.
I can hardly contain myself.
No. not here. Jean.
We'll be disturbed.
But they've all gone.
Yes. to bed.
Where do you think?
What did I tell you?
Well. they can do
what they want.
As for us--
- Come here.
I'll take this off.
No. I'll do it.
Well. I'll take this off.
I could hardly believe this
moment has finally come.
It has.
And now that it has. I
don't want anything to change.
Oh. I'm not so
sure about that.
Oh. so that's why
you kept the dress on.
Yes.
It's nice this way.
Yeah.
Oh. yes.
Oh. Jean.
Jean.
Oh. Ninette. my
little play thing.
Yes.
You drive me wild.
Let me love your breast.
Yes.
Now. Erik. three's a crowd.
Erik!
Look. he's saluting.
His intentions are clear.
He is comfy. after all.
Erik!
I can't take anymore.
You made her happy.
Thank you.
How can I thank you?
- How?
- Yes.
- That's easy.
- No.
- Oh. yes.
No.
Come.
baby. play with me.
Come on. come on.
Take me by the hand.
You and me can go to
some strange erotic land.
You will see that it's not as
bad as it's made out to be.
life with me.
We can go. go on some
magic carpet trip.
And I know we're into
love and partnership.
Wait and see what the
pleasures of the world
can really be with me.
Come play with me.
Take me by the hand.
and stay with me.
Come away with me.
Play with me.
Come play with me. got to
make you wanna stay with me.
What do you say to me?
Play with me.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-